demonstrators were back at it for the
first day of classes greeting new
students with the same old
demands so for today as as you see kind
of like welcoming the new students and
reminding them that Colombia is still
investing in genocide that Colombia is
still investing in weapon manufacturers
um and kind of just to remind also
Colombia that uh the students are here
to stay uh that no matter uh how much uh
oppression how much force you put
against this student movement this would
not
stop at least two demonstrators were
arrested for unspecified charges other
than a statue graffitied with blood red
paint the day's protests remained off
campus where heightened security
measures have been put in
place once again the New York police
department has been called to the campus
also private security has been ramped up
for the school year it used to be that
the campus was open to anyone who wanted
to enter it now you have to show a
campus ID or be a pre-registered guest
in order to get through the
gates other universities have followed
suit the University of California
banning encampments as well as face
masks the University of Virginia
encampments as well as the use of
megaphones on school days and at Rucker
University in New Jersey the
organization students for justice in
Palestine is no longer
recognized while Columbia student
organizers say their goal is to end a
genocide some Jewish students have
complained of
anti-Semitism I do not feel safe when
the students on this campus are aiding
and abetting terrorism a survey of
students last year found 76% support
divestment from
Israel this Jewish Professor argues
limiting speech is not the answer so if
we go about making things worse taking
unpopular measures here and saying it's
because of Jews or to protect Jewish
students we are absolutely going to make
Jewish students the face of repression
we're going to single them out in ways
that are only going to make the climate
worse the student demonstrators are
promising more actions until their goals
are met regardless Kristen salumi Al
jazer New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer